♪
(woman) ♪ WHAT IS THIS THING ♪
♪ CALLED LOVE? ♪
♪ THIS FUNNY THING ♪
♪ CALLED LOVE ♪
♪ JUST WHO CAN SOLVE ♪
♪ ITS MYSTERY? ♪
♪ WHY SHOULD IT MAKE ♪
♪ A FOOL OF ME? ♪
♪ I SAW YOU THERE ♪
♪ THAT WONDERFUL DAY ♪
♪ YOU TOOK MY LOVE ♪
♪ AND THREW IT AWAY ♪
♪ AND SO I ASK THE LORD ♪
♪ IN HEAVEN ABOVE ♪
♪ WHAT IS THIS THING ♪
♪ CALLED LOVE? ♪
♪ CALLED LOVE ♪
Captioned by
Closed Captioning Services. Inc.
(radio static)
(horn honks)
(tires screech)
(crackling)
(cell phone rings)
(ring)
MICHAEL STRATHMORE.
OH. HI. JOCE.
OH. YEAH. YEAH. I'M ON MY WAY.
I'M A LITTLE... CAUGHT UP.
MIGHT NOT GET TO
THE FUND-RAISER ON TIME.
BUT HEY...
(rapping on window)
SIR? SIR. CAN YOU HEAR ME?
COVER YOUR EYES.
I'M GONNA GET YOU OUT
BEFORE YOU BLOW. OKAY?
YEAH. NO PROBLEM.
Y-YEAH. JOCE. I'D LOVE
TO STAY ON AND CHAT.
BUT I'M TOLD I MAY BLOW.
(glass shatters)
(grunting)
(groaning)
(panting)
(grunting)
(crackling)
(police radio chatter)
(grunts)
CAN YOU BREATHE?
(panting)
(inhales sharply)
(coughing)
YOU OKAY?
(coughs)
YEAH. I'M OKAY.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
UH. MICHAEL--
MICHAEL STRATHMORE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
UH. SOME GUY SWERVED IN FRONT
OF ME. AND I JERKED THE WHEEL.
YOU'RE LUCKY.
IT COULD HAVE BEEN A LOT WORSE.
NO. NO! IS THAT MY CAR?!
(groans) IT'S A CLASSIC.
WELL.
IT'S AN ASHTRAY NOW. SIR.
OH. WELL. MAYBE I COULD
FIX IT UP. I DON'T KNOW--
YEP.
SOME BONDO. A LITTLE
LEATHERWORK. WHO KNOWS?
OKAY. WELL.
LET'S TAKE YOU OVER THERE.
(both groan)
(police radio chatter)
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO THERE.
COME HERE.
(groans)
OKAY. WATCH YOUR HEAD.
OKAY.
ANY PAIN? CUTS?
I'M... OKAY. I GUESS.
OFFICER...
CAMPANO?
UH. THANK YOU.
YOU SAVED MY LIFE.
NOT A PROBLEM. SIR.
IT'S MY JOB. I'M A PROFESSIONAL.
LOOKS LIKE YOU DID OKAY.
ARE WE DONE?
I GOT TO BE AT A THING.
SHE'LL UNDERSTAND.
SHE DOESN'T. FUCK HER.
ARE COPS ALLOWED
TO SAY "FUCK"?
DID I SAY "FUCK"?
YEAH.
YOU WANT TO RIDE IN BACK
OR UP HERE WITH ME?
THIS IS GOOD.
OKAY. LET'S GO.
(both grunt)
(door closes)
YOU ALWAYS DRIVE SO FAST?
I'M BARELY MOVING.
LOOKING AT YOUR SPEEDOMETER.
THAT'S NEITHER ACCURATE
NOR DESCRIPTIVE.
WHAT ARE  YOU?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU TALK LIKE A ROBOT.
WHY. BECAUSE I'M SPECIFIC?
I BELIEVE LANGUAGE SHOULD BE
USED TO MAXIMIZE... CLARITY.
MAXIMIZE CLARITY?
YEAH.
YOU'RE A FUCKING LAWYER.
(laughs)
GREAT. YOU GOT
SOMETHING AGAINST LAWYERS?
A LONG LIST.
WELL. YOU NEEDN'T
GO INTO IT NOW.
"NEEDN'T"? WHAT. ARE YOU
PART OF THE ROYAL FAMILY?
IT'S CORRECT ENGLISH.
WHICH IS PROBABLY WHY
IT RUBBED YOU THE WRONG WAY.
(cat meows)
WHAT IS THAT?
IS THAT A CAT?
(purring)
NO. IT'S A COW.
WHAT'S A CAT DOING
IN YOUR SQUAD CAR?
IS IT A POLICE CAT?
IS THIS JUST CONVERSATION.
OR ARE YOU COMPILING EVIDENCE
FOR YOUR FRIVOLOUS.
INEVITABLE LAWSUIT?
OKAY. I LIKE CATS.
WHAT'S ITS NAME?
PABLO.
HE LIKES TO GO ON RIDES.
LOLA. MY NEIGHBOR.
GAVE HIM TO ME.
LOLA?
THAT'S AN EXOTIC NAME.
LOLA IS AN ARTIST.
SHE SLEPT WITH PICASSO.
SAYS SHE BLEW FREUD.
WHO DIDN'T?
(laughs)
YOU BLOW THE FATHER
OF PSYCHOANALYSIS.
AND IT HAUNTS YOU
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
"THERE GOES LOLA MARQUEZ.
SHE BLEW FREUD."
BUT THE UPSIDE IS. IT GETS YOU
INVITED TO A LOT OF PARTIES.
(dog barking in distance)
YEAH. THAT'S--THAT'S ME.
MUST BE NICE.
DRIVING AROUND IN A TUXEDO.
GOING TO EVENTS.
LIVING IN A HOUSE THAT COOL.
YES AND NO.
GREAT VIEW. BUT...
I LIVE ALONE.
GET A LLAMA.
OR MAYBE A TANNING BED--
WHATEVER YOU LONELY RICH GUYS
FILL YOUR HOUSES WITH.
ARE YOU GOING BACK
ON DUTY NOW?
I'M NOT ON DUTY.
WHY THE UNIFORM?
WHY THE QUESTIONS?
(chuckles) YOU'RE--
YOU'RE PRETTY DEFENSIVE.
SOMETIMES.
WHEN YOU WERE
GIVING ME MOUTH-TO-MOUTH...
CAN I BE HONEST?
I DIDN'T REALLY NEED IT.
I KNOW.
YOU HAVE SOME WINDOW GLASS
IN YOUR HAIR.
(water running)
(water stops running)
(sighs)
MM.
(both groaning and panting)
(gasps) OOH.
(click)
(moans)
(clicking)
(both moaning)
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO REMAIN SILENT.
(kisses)
ANYTHING YOU SAY...
WILL COST YOU.
(both moan and pant)
LOOK.
I'M NOT SAYING MY SISTER LIZ IS
THE EASIEST PERSON IN THE WORLD.
BUT SHE'S WORTH IT.
SHE ALSO HAPPENS TO BE
ONE OF THE SEXIEST WOMEN
I'VE EVER KNOWN.
SURE. I'M PARTIAL TO WOMEN.
THE MALE GENITALIA
BASICALLY REVOLT. TERRIFY.
AND PARALYZE ME.
AND SURE. I THINK THAT MEN
ARE AT THEIR BEST
WHEN THEY'RE PICKING UP
HEAVY THINGS AND MOVING THEM.
LIKE PIANOS OR...
(chuckles) THEIR EGOS.
BUT AS A WOMAN WHO KNOWS WOMEN.
I'LL TELL YOU.
THIS CHICK KNOWS STUFF.
I MEAN. I GREW UP WITH HER.
AND SHE ALWAYS UNDERSTOOD
EXACTLY HOW TO GET UNDERNEATH
ANOTHER PERSON'S SKIN.
AND THE WAY I HEAR IT...
NO ONE SUCKS A COCK LIKE LIZ.
(groaning)
OH! OH.
SHIT!
OH! GOD!
(groaning)
FUCK!
(panting)
DID YOU EVER FEEL
YOUR NERVE ENDINGS....
POP OPEN LIKE... LITTLE...
(chuckles)
UMBRELLAS?
YOU TASTE GOOD.
I CAN BARELY SPEAK.
YOU LIKED IT?
I AM FOREVER CHANGED.
PROBABLY OVERDUE.
YEAH. MMM.
I SHOULD PROBABLY
LET YOU GO NOW.
(chuckles)
JUST BEING POLITE.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST SAY
WHAT YOU MEAN?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
THEN SAY IT.
FLEW A LITTLE TOO CLOSE
TO THE SUN. HAVE YOU?
MM.
(inhales sharply)
AREN'T YOU GONNA UNCUFF ME?
HMM. NOW WHERE DID I
PUT THAT KEY?
HEY. VERY FUNNY.
YOU KNOW. I DO HAVE A THING...
YEAH?
I HAVE TO GET TO.
HMM.
(groans)
(gasping)
(whimpers and groans)
(groaning)
(moaning)
(continues moaning)
(panting)
(chuckles)
MMM.
THANK YOU.
(chuckles)
(panting)
(grunts)
(handcuffs clicking)
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE A LITTLE BRUISED.
YOU SHOULD SEE MY SOUL.
I DID THERE FOR A SECOND.
MM.
I GOT TO GO.
(handcuffs jingle)
YOU LOOK
REALLY AMAZING NAKED.
I'M NEVER NAKED.
IT JUST LOOKS THAT WAY.
YOU EVER BEEN IN LOVE?
ARE YOU TRYING
TO GET TO KNOW ME?
BECAUSE I HATE THAT.
YOU STILL LOOK NAKED.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
HAVE YOU  EVER BEEN IN LOVE?
I'M NOT A BIG LOVE GUY.
I'M NOT SURPRISED.
YOU SHOULD TRY IT SOMETIME.
MIGHT TAKE YOUR MIND OFF
THAT DARK VOID
OF YOUR LEGAL CAREER.
DON'T YOU MEAN
THE TRIVIA OF MY EXISTENCE?
(sighs. sucks teeth)
ONE THING YOU'RE NOT.
MICHAEL...
IS TRIVIAL.
MM.
(handcuffs jingle)
(doorbell rings)
HEY. JOCE.
MICHAEL.
HEY.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I JUST SAW
A POLICE CAR LEAVING.
YEAH. I. UH...
I FLIPPED MY CAR. JOCE.
I COULD HAVE BEEN KILLED.
WHAT?
LUCKILY. THIS OFFICER SAVED ME
AND DROVE ME HOME.
OH. MY GOD.
ARE THEY... ARE THEY DOING
A THOROUGH INVESTIGATION?
YEAH. THEY ALREADY STARTED.
OKAY. OKAY. GOOD.
GOOD.
(sighs)
I'M JUST SORRY
YOU MISSED MY SPEECH...
INTRODUCING THE GOVERNOR.
I BET YOU WERE AWESOME.
I WAS. (chuckles)
YOUR WRISTS ARE BRUISED.
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
(elevator bell dings)
FUCK ME. FUCK ME. FUCK ME.
A FUCKING COP?
(laughs) YOU'RE MY HERO.
I ALWAYS WANTED
TO COPULATE WITH A COP.
THANK YOU.
SO? WHAT WAS IT LIKE?
DETAILS. DETAILS.
WELL. FOR STARTERS. LUTHER.
THEY DON'T HAVE VAGINAS.
THEY HAVE HOLSTERS.
DON'T DO THIS TO ME. MICHAEL.
I'M OBSESSED WITH WOMEN.
I CRAVE THEM. I LOVE THEM.
I REQUIRE AT LEAST TWO PER DAY.
THREE DURING DAYLIGHT SAVINGS.
MY PHENOMENAL SEX LIFE IS
NONE OF YOUR FUCKING BUSINESS.
MY BUSINESS IS  FUCKING.
MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS?
ONE STEP UP FROM SODOMY.
JEEZ.
(chuckles) SO HOW'D
YOU TWO MEET? WAS IT VIOLENT?
DID YOU GET TO RIDE
IN A SQUAD CAR?
YES. IF YOU MUST KNOW.
(laughs) OH. GOD. AN INTENDED
MAN ERECT AND SPEEDING
IN A BLACK-AND-WHITE.
SIRENS WAILING. ON HIS WAY TO BE
IN FLAGRANTE DELICTO WITH--
LUTHER!
WHAT?
CAN WE PLEASE TALK ABOUT
THE TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT
SUIT NOW?
FINE. FINE.
(inhales sharply)
(clears throat)
SO WHAT'D YOU DO ABOUT JOCELYN?
DOESN'T MATTER
WHAT I DID ABOUT JOCELYN.
OH. YEAH. YOU'RE RIGHT.
WHAT WAS I THINKING?
JUST BECAUSE
YOUR FIANCEE'S FATHER HAPPENS
TO BE THE FOUNDING PARTNER
OF THIS LAW FIRM.
WHAT WOULD IT MATTER THAT
YOU BETRAYED HIS ONLY "SANE"
DAUGHTER IN YOUR COITAL FRENZY?
OKAY. LUTHER. THE COP LEAVES.
MY NIGHTMARE OFFICIALLY BEGINS.
MM.
(both panting)
(moans)
(continues panting)
(grunting)
OHH!
(whimpers)
(exhales)
(sighing)
WE ARE AMAZING.
(sighs)
GOD. TWO IN ONE NIGHT?
IT'S A DREAM COME TRUE.
NO. NO.
IT'S--IT'S NOT.  LUTHER. I...
I FEEL GUILTY.
I CARE ABOUT JOCELYN.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
MAKING A LIFE TOGETHER.
IT'S JUST THIS...
THIS OTHER WOMAN.
I CAN'T EXPLAIN IT.
IT'S CRAZY.
WELL. I APOLOGIZE
FOR MY INSENSITIVITY.
(clears throat)
THANK YOU.
MICHAEL. YOU SAID... "CRAZY."
THAT... MEANS CLAMPS.
DOESN'T IT?
(clicks teeth)
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO OUT
AND GET YOURSELF A JOB
IN THE PORN INDUSTRY?
YOU KNOW SOMEONE?
(knock on door)
HELLO. LADS.
MORNING. MR. DELLACORTE.
MISSED YOU
AT THE FUND-RAISER LAST NIGHT.
JOCELYN TELLS ME THAT YOU WERE
IN A BIT OF A SCRAPE.
TO SAY THE LEAST.
HE WAS SERIOUSLY TIED UP.
(telephone ringing in distance)
CARRY ON.
(door closes)
(clears throat)
THANK YOU. QUIPMASTER.
IT'S WHAT I DO.
(Jocelyn)
THESE ARE MAGNIFICENT.
ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION
TO ANYTHING HERE?
HMM? YEAH. SURE.
I'M RIGHT WITH YOU.
I'M ONLY DOING THIS DINNER PARTY
FOR YOU. MICHAEL.
YOU MEAN FOR MY FATHER
AND SNAPPLE.
(laughs) CHANTAL.
IT'S HARD TO KEEP TRACK.
WHAT. IS SHE MY SEVENTH
OR EIGHTH STEPMOM?
ONE THING WE CAN SAY
FOR YOUR DAD.
HE SURE DOES
THROW HIS HAT IN THE RING.
DID WE SHIFT RIGHT INTO
"LET'S GET MARRIED SOONER" TALK?
YOU'RE SO DRAMATIC.
NO. JOCE. I KNOW HOW YOU LIKE
TO HAVE EVERYTHING SO PERFECT.
FOR MY WORK.
I HAVE TO BE PRECISE.
THE WRONG ARMOIRE.
AN ILL-CHOSEN PILLOW...
THE WHOLE ROOM SUFFERS.
I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT
YOUR DECORATING BUSINESS. JOCE.
I'M TALKING ABOUT LIFE.
WELL. LIFE'S MESSY ENOUGH.
I DON'T HAVE TO ADD
TO THE CLUTTER.
WHO CARES ABOUT CLUTTER?
IT DOESN'T...
IT'S JUST CLUTTER!
MICHAEL.
WHERE IS THIS COMING FROM?
IT'S COMING FROM ME.
NO. IT ISN'T.
I'VE NEVER SEEN THIS BEFORE.
IS THIS YOUR DARK SIDE?
IT'S MY... OXIDIZED SIDE.
I'M RUSTING.
YOU MEAN I'M BORING YOU.
I CAN CHANGE THAT.
NO. JOCE.
IT'S--IT'S NOT ABOUT US.
IT'S ABOUT ME.
YOU WANNA KNOW HOW I FEEL?
I FEEL... TOO DAMN POLITE.
I FEEL... PREMEDITATED.
THAT'S A WORD THEY USE
TO DESCRIBE MURDERS.
I'M TRYING
TO FUCKING TELL YOU
WHAT'S GOING ON WITH ME.
IS ANY OF THIS
GETTING THROUGH TO YOU?
OF COURSE.
AND YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO SAY
"FUCKING." SWEETIE.
MAYBE IT WAS MY SIXTH DIVORCE
THAT SCARED MIKEY
FROM EVER GETTIN' CLOSE
TO A CHICK.
PROBABLY MY FAULT.
I SET A BAD EXAMPLE FOR HIM
SINCE MOST OF MY WIVES
WERE CONSTRUCTED
OF SILICONE AND BUBBLEGUM.
FAIR ENOUGH.
BUT I DID GIVE HIM
ONE GREAT PIECE OF ADVICE.
"MIKEY." I SAID.
"FOLLOW YOUR DICK.
YOUR DICK NEVER LIES.
AT LEAST NOT TO YOU."
YOU DON'T FOLLOW YOUR DICK.
ONE DAY IT FALLS OFF
LIKE A BAD BONSAI TREE.
AND YOU END UP
SUCKING BOTTLED OXYGEN
SOMEWHERE IN RANCHO MIRAGE.
WONDERING WHERE
ALL THE GOOD TIMES WENT.
FOLLOW YOUR DICK.
IT'S GOT A PERFECT SENSE
OF DIRECTION.
(bicycle bell dings)
(sighs)
HOW'S YOUR CAPPUCCINO?
HUH? UH. IT'S FABULOUS.
GOOD.
WHAT'S THIS. UH. DESIGN
IN THE FOAM HERE?
OH.
THAT'S THE SHROUD OF TURIN.
ANY PUNK CAN MAKE A TULIP.
(chuckles)
STOP PICKING ON MY SISTER.
MICHAEL.
HI. HONEY.
WAIT. THIS IS THE GUY
YOU WERE TELLING ME AND LOLA
ABOUT THIS MORNING?
HUH. (laughing)
WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
PEN. ACCIDENT REPORT. SIGN.
HERE.
AHH.
OKAY.
WHERE YOU GOIN'?
I GOT WHAT I NEEDED.
WHAT. NOW OR LAST NIGHT?
(scoffs) I GOTTA GO.
HOLD--HOLD ON.
NO. NO. COME ON.
I-I-I CAME OUT HERE
IN THE MIDDLE OF MY DAY
TO SIGN THESE PAPERS FOR YOU.
AT LEAST HAVE THE COURTESY
TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
GOOD-BYE.
OFFICER CAMPANO.
HEY.
HOW'D THE HEARING GO
THIS MORNING?
OH. YEAH. A MILLION LAUGHS.
THEY PUT ME ON PROBATION.
THE HEAVY MONEY
WAS ON SUSPENSION.
YOU GOT TEN LIVES. DOLL.
WHO'S THAT?
OH. I HAVE NO IDEA.
OKAY. LOOK. JUST HURRY BACK.
ALL RIGHT?
FIGHTING CRIME
IS JUST CIVIL SERVICE
WITHOUT YOU. PARTNER.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA?
OH. I HAVE PLENTY OF IDEAS.
WHY'D THEY PUT YOU
ON PROBATION?
IT WAS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.
THEY PUT YOU ON PROBATION
FOR ABSOLUTELY NOTHING?
THEY DIDN'T LIKE
THE WAY I MADE A COLLAR
ON A BAD GUY. OKAY?
(tires screech)
(grunts) OH!
HEY! YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
YOU'RE FUCKIN' KIDDING ME.
(whack)
YOU BETTER CALL FOR BACKUP!
AAH! (grunting)
YOU CHASED AFTER THE GUY
IN YOUR SQUAD CAR
WITHOUT YOUR PARTNER?
HE'S WAS IN THE MEN'S--
AND THEN YOU SUBDUED HIM
WITH YOUR BATON?
LOOK. I GET A LITTLE EXCITABLE.
BUT THAT SCUMBAG HAD IT COMING.
W--YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT'S YOUR POINT?
YOU NEED A LAWYER.
I'VE HAD LAWYERS.
AS RECENT AS LAST NIGHT. SO...
HAVE DINNER WITH ME.
WHY?
LUNCH.
OH. PASS.
BRUNCH?
BRUNCH? WE ARE DONE TALKING.
DO YOU LIKE MOVIES?
WELL. YEAH.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
LIKE. SOMETHING
WITH VIN DIESEL IN IT?
I NEVER ASK ANYBODY ANYWHERE.
BUT I'M ASKING YOU.
IT STARTS IN HALF AN HOUR.
WELL. I'VE GOT MEETINGS.
YOU ALWAYS WILL.
ALL RIGHT.
NOT ENOUGH SWEET
FOR YOU AND ME TONIGHT...
(whispering) NEW PRINT.
THEY ADDED TWO MISSING SCENES
AND ENHANCED THE SOUNDTRACK.
OH!
WHEN BEAUTY STANDS
LOOKING INTO THE SOUL...
THIS PART ROCKS.
...THAT SICKEN AT PRETTY WORDS.
YES...
FOR THAT IS LOVE.
LOVE.
I LOVE BEYOND BREATH.
BEYOND REASON.
BEYOND LOVE'S OWN POWER
OF LOVING.
YOUR NAME IS LIKE A GOLDEN BELL
HUNG IN MY HEART.
AND WHEN I THINK OF YOU.
I TREMBLE.
AND THE BELL RINGS AND RINGS.
"ROXANE! ROXANE!"
(unzips pants)
(whispers) JESUS.
(panting)
(gasps)
(both moaning)
THAT IS LOVE--
THAT WIND OF TERRIBLE
AND JEALOUS BEAUTY.
(grunts)
FUCK.
(moans and gasps)
...SOARING. BLINDING MUSIC.
(both moaning)
DEAR. YOU MAY TAKE MY HAPPINESS
TO MAKE YOU HAPPIER.
EVEN THOUGH YOU NEVER KNOW
I GAVE IT TO YOU.
(both panting)
♪
(gasps and grunts)
(gasping)
(woman speaks indistinctly)
HOW MANY TIMES EVERY DAY?
YOU MAKE ME CRAZY.
EVERY DAY.
SHUT UP. (grunts and gasps)
(man speaks indistinctly)
(panting)
EXCUSE ME?
YOU'LL--YOU'LL HAVE TO LEAVE.
POLICE BUSINESS.
SHUT THAT FUCKER OFF!
(click)
GET OUT. MAN! GO!
(laughing)
OH. YOU GOT A GREAT ASS.
WELL. YOU GOT A GREAT COCK.
NO ONE EVER SAID THAT BEFORE.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
...STRONG AND TRUE.
YEAH.
SWEET AND STRONG AND TRUE.
YOU COULD'VE HANDLED THAT
A LITTLE BETTER...
YEAH.
THAT USHER.
(laughs)
I COULD'VE SHOT HIM.
I'M SERIOUS.
WELL. MAYBE
I SHOULD'VE FILED A LAWSUIT.
CALM DOWN. OKAY?
WHAT'S THAT  SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
(man) HALT!
WHAT THE HELL'S
YOUR PROBLEM?
HEY. HEY. GET BACK HERE.
HEY!
JUST LEAVE ME ALONE.
I'VE GOTTA PEE.
(door creaks)
(door closes)
(thud)
(sighs)
YOU PISS ME OFF.
(chuckles)
BULLSHIT. I INTEREST YOU.
YOU DON'T KNOW ME.
THAT MAKES TWO OF US.
(flushes toilet)
GET OUT OF MY WAY.
NO.
YOU SHOVE ME NOW?!
I SAID. GET OUT OF MY WAY.
YOU'RE OUT OF CONTROL.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
YOU GONNA PISTOL-WHIP ME NOW?
WHAT. YOU WANT HANDCUFFS.
TOO. LIKE LAST NIGHT?
STOP IT.
MAKE ME!
STOP IT!
MM. (gasps)
MM.
UHH!
AAH!
COME OVER HERE.
(both moaning)
(panting)
(grunts)
AH!
(button clatters)
(buttons clatter)
OOH. THAT WAS EASY.
(grunts)
MM. (yelps)
AHH!
(both moaning)
OHH! OHH! (gasps)
(grunting)
OHH!
(gasps) OHH!
♪
(sighs)
(both panting)
THIS IS TOO NUTS FOR ME.
ME. TOO.
LIZ!
(horn honks)
♪